# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile -o requirements-dev.txt requirements-dev.in -c requirements.txt
absl-py==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   dm-tree
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   dm-tree
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
azure-core==1.35.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow-probability
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via recommonmark
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
coverage==7.10.4
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.16
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   tensorflow-probability
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.4.0
    # via virtualenv
dm-tree==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow-probability
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.19.1
    # via virtualenv
flake8==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8-bugbear
flake8-bugbear==24.12.12
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flaky==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
fonttools==4.59.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gast==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
identify==2.6.13
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.30.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==9.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via jupyter
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.6
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
keras==3.11.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
lark==1.2.2
    # via rfc3987-syntax
libclang==18.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
markdown==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
mypy==1.17.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via mypy
namex==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keras
narwhals==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   plotly
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
notebook==7.4.5
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   dm-tree
    #   h5py
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
optree==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keras
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mypy
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
plotly==6.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
pre-commit==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.22.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via flake8
pygame==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pyglet==2.1.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
pyserial==3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
pytest==8.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-cov==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==27.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
    #   tensorflow
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via jsonschema
rich==14.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   keras
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   astunparse
    #   azure-core
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-probability
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
swig==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
tensorboard==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
tensorflow==2.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-probability
    #   tf-keras
tensorflow-probability==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
termcolor==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tf-keras==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorflow-probability
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250822
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   mypy
    #   optree
    #   referencing
    #   tensorflow
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.34.0
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   astunparse
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   dm-tree
    #   tensorflow
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.in
